what's up guys fidelis here and back
already with another video for you guys
this time it's in nineteen and two with
the model um I got damage on it someone
posted a comment saying they want to see
a model gameplay with no attachments I
think they really meant no proficiencies
because there are no attachments for the
model i'm using damage though because
the model without any proficiency like
ranger damage is is terrible and there's
no way i'd be getting 19 kills without
it this first round you're gonna see I
do ace this the entire team sniping I
think I don't even remember it was it
was really late i was really tired but I
do die twice I get quick scope twice and
you'll see that later on but anyways if
you couldn't tell already that I sound
different I went today to bestbuy and I
was gonna get a blue Yeti because I went
on bestbuy.com said it was available at
store so I went there and I saw the
snowball which is like eighty dollars
cheaper and on the website said they
didn't have it there so I wasn't
expecting it to be there when I got
there so I bought that instead the Yeti
cuz it's cheaper and it will do the job
of what I needed to do sound good better
than my a 40s at least when I recorded
that first commentary and I thought it
was gonna be smaller like when I saw it
on the website this thing this thing
looked like it'd be like a baseball
sized ball but it's not this thing's
fucking big it's like a softball and I
wouldn't expect it to be that big but it
is it's pretty sexy looking though I
mean yeah it on the stand I don't really
hold it with the stand I'm kind of just
holding it in my hand right now some
people were asking like how often I was
gonna upload a video and do a commentary
and all that stuff and I don't really
know it's kinda i upload this one right
away today because i got the game played
last night and then i got this new mic
and i really wanted to try it out and so
i just upload this today right now on
that like every other day probably maybe
just depends and i don't have like
gameplay stacked up because i never I've
never saved a gameplay like
with the intention that I was going to
use it in a video um also to get like a
gameplay like this I need to play with
one or two other people of the max and
I'm usually in a full party so it's not
always an option for me to just go and
get a gameplay cuz I like playing in
full parties with everybody i know it's
fun have a good time but at this point
said four in the morning everyone got
off like two hours ago i was playing
with one person but for the videos i
think deathly i am a lot of you know him
he gonna upload one of my videos on his
channel which i think he said he was
gonna do that this week sometime so that
should be up this week on his channel
sometime oh I don't know if you guys
noticed but I had sitrep as a first
unlock I was actually running dead
silence as my third perk it was assassin
I'd assassin dead silence in my first
perk was marathon and then I rinse it
wrap a quick-draw sleight of hand or
some shit like that what I've been
trying to I have I only have five
classes I never unlocked anymore with
prestige tokens I don't know why I was
just used double experience because i
always wanted to level up faster but on
two of the classes that i use i just run
dead silence and sitrep isn't unlock and
what I've noticed lately is even with
dead silence on I can still hear
everybody because either they're wearing
sitrep or they're wearing stalker and I
don't know where all these stalker kids
came from if like probably TDM because
everyone in fucking TDM where's stalker
but I see him in search and destroy all
the time now and I hate stalker and I
usually rage every time i die from
someone wearing stalker because they
really make me fucking mad
time I die from that perk think I have
like a minute and a half left so I just
want to say thanks to everyone watched
the first video and subbed liked it
commented try to answer all of them um
other than that if you guys want to see
me use something just put in the
comments and I'll try to use whatever
gun you guys want and along with the
guns just anything you want me to talk
about her ask me or like want my opinion
on just ask in the comments and I'll try
to talk about the next video because I
really don't have much to talk about
right now because I really no one's
asked me anything no one's wanted to
know anything few people asked what my
classes where I can eventually do those
so now I got a bunch of messages and
stuff on Twitter about inviting people
last night I'd like to play with me and
I always do that it's just sometimes I'm
with a full party of people and I'm not
always able to invite you two don't get
mad if I can't invite you that minute
just like if you follow me on Twitter
then I post when we have spots open I'm
about to play and I need people so just
always like if you see on there and I
need someone just message me for an
invite or something send me a message on
Twitter and then send me a message on
xbox and I'll invite you and that was
the last kill right there oh yeah I
almost forgot I'm gonna try to do a live
com sometime soon when I i'm in a full
party so it might not be a huge gameplay
like 14 and i might be like a nine or 10
and 0 but I think it'd be cool for you
guys to see our party play and just hear
how we talk and communicate with each
other some shit like that but I'm gonna
go take a nap so I'm we got like three
hours of sleep last night so thanks for
watching talk to you guys later